chore: add semantic convention registry (#404)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-browser: semconv/README.md

# Federated Browser Semantic Conventions

> This directory holds the semantic conventions that the packages in this repository emit, modelled as a federated semantic convention registry. The registry manifest declares the upstream [OpenTelemetry semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions) as an exact-version dependency, so our events can reference upstream attributes without redefining them.

Reviewer: Should we standardize on American spelling for these, to match the rest of the docs? `modelled` is here and on line 14, and `stabilised` is on line 17.

```suggestion
This directory holds the semantic conventions that the packages in this repository emit, modeled as a federated semantic convention registry. The registry manifest declares the upstream [OpenTelemetry semantic conventions](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions) as an exact-version dependency, so our events can reference upstream attributes without redefining them.
```

## Why these live here

The semantic-conventions [CONTRIBUTING guide](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) places conventions specific to a single runtime or a narrowly scoped implementation in the

> corresponding repository, and most of the conventions below are browser-only.

Reviewer: Nothing follows this, the next thing is `## Layout`. Did a list get dropped, or should it point at the registry instead?

The guide also says "runtime, library, or narrowly scoped implementation" and phrases it as a SHOULD, so this is a little stronger than the original.

```suggestion
The semantic-conventions [CONTRIBUTING guide](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) recommends that conventions specific to a single runtime, library, or a narrowly scoped implementation live in the
corresponding repository, and most of the conventions in this registry are browser-only.
```

Names already covered upstream are deliberately not redefined. The `browser.web_vital` and
`exception` events are imported from the dependency registry by name, and the `http.request.body.size`,
`session.id`, and `url.full` attributes we emit are referenced from it.

Upstream conventions that are already stable are not modelled here at all. Their constants ship in
the root export of [`@opentelemetry/semantic-conventions`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opentelemetry/semantic-conventions),
so the instrumentations import them directly and this registry has nothing to add. What it does
cover is the attributes we emit that upstream has not stabilised, which the package exports only
from its `/incubating` entry point — today `http.request.body.size` on the fetch and XHR spans,

> and `session.id` on everything the SDK emits.

Reviewer: "What it does cover is" followed by two attributes reads like that is the whole registry, but `registry.yaml` defines about 40 `browser.*` attributes that upstream has no definition for at all, and those are not in `/incubating` either. The two named here are the upstream non-stable ones we `ref`.

Could we split it into two sentences, one for the attributes we define because upstream has none, one for the upstream non-stable ones we reference?
